Persistence storage design doc (#275)
apache/skywalking-banyandb: docs/concept/persistence-storage.md

# IO Mode
persistence storage support different IO modes to satisfy different throughput requirements. The interface is not directly exposed to developers and can be set through configuration.

## Io_uring
Io_uring is a new feature in Linux 5.1, which provides high throughput and implements in a fully asynchronous way. In the sense of massive storage, io_uring can bring significant benefits.

## Synchronous IO
Synchronous IO is the most common IO mode, but the throughput is relatively low. BanyanDB provides a nonblocking mode that can be used in lower Linux versions.

# Write
BanyanDB designs different storage ways for different senses. There are two kinds of storage, one is append-only with no compaction, which can be chosen when writing WAL. The other is Log-Structured Merge Tree storage, data written on disk will become a sorted string table(SST) and will compaction in a specific size.
To guarantee idempotence, BanyanDB introduces multi-version concurrency control(MVCC). When data is recorded on the disk, the version will increase. Of course, not all data requires MVCC, for WAL, only appending to the end of the file.

# Update

> When executing the update operation, the original data will not be truly overwritten. The updated value will be read first when read, so it will not affect the accuracy of the data.

Author: That means update is a part of write?

> When executing the update operation, the original data will not be truly overwritten. The updated value will be read first when read, so it will not affect the accuracy of the data.

Reviewer: I think so. Appending can be considered a specific form of updating. As I mentioned, let’s combine it with writing for a more straightforward idea.

# Delete
The same as the update operation, the original data will not be truly deleted when you execute the delete operation. The deleted value will be read before the old operation, so it also will not affect the accuracy of the data.

# Read

> For the read operation, two read methods are provided, one is to read a specific piece of data, and the other is to read a certain range of data. For each of the read operations, you can choose to use version number or not.

Reviewer: There are two ways to load data from a file. The first method is to load all the data, while the second method involves loading data from a specific offset and length within the file.

Author: Assuming such a scenario, if I want to read data for a certain period of time, how do I know the specific offset?

Reviewer: The storage interface should focus on performing low-level file operations. Details concerning Write-Ahead Log (WAL), Sorted String Table (SST), and other file formats should not be considered relevant in this context.

> BanyanDB guarantees that the data read is idempotent by using version, or returning the latest data if you don't use it.BanyanDB uses the index and filter to accelerate reading.

Reviewer: Remove this line.

> # Snapshot

Reviewer: What are the primary considerations for supporting the creation of a dataset snapshot?

Author: I think the most important scenario for snapshots is data backup, or do we not need snapshots and only need to read all data during backup?

Reviewer: For a time series, backup is not a cost-effective operation. I didn't see others comply with this. Instead, replacting data across multiple nodes is the alternative to traditional backup.

# Persistence Storage

> Persistence storage is used for unifying data of BanyanDB persistence， including write-ahead logging(WAL)， index, and data collected from skywalking and other observability platforms or APM systems. It provides various implementations and IO modes to satisfy the need of different components.

Reviewer 2: The commas are wrong (Chinese commas instead of English ones), please fix them.

BanyanDB provides a concise interface that shields the complexity of the implementation from the upper layer. By exposing necessary interfaces, making upper components do not need to care how persistence implement and mask differences between different operating systems.

# IO Mode
persistence storage support different IO mode to satisfy different throughput requirements. The interface is not directly exposed to developers and can be set through configuration.

## Io_uring
Io_uring is a new feature in Linux 5.1, which provides high throughput and implements in a fully asynchronous way. In the scene of massive storage, io_uring can bring significant benefits.

## Synchronous IO

> Synchronous IO is the most common IO mode, but the throughput is relatively low. BanyanDB provides a nonblocking mode that can be used in lower Linux versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most common IO mode is Synchronous IO, but it has a relatively low throughput. BanyanDB provides a nonblocking mode that is compatible with lower Linux versions.
```

# Operation
## Directory

> ### Create

Reviewer: We should set the permission and owner to the directory and file.

Create the specified directory and return an error if the directory already exists.

### Delete
Delete the directory and all files and return an error if the directory does not exist or the directory not reading or writing.

> ### rename

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Rename
```

Rename the directory and return an error if the directory already exists.

### Get Children
Get all lists of files or children's directories in the directory and return an error if the directory does not exist.

## File
### Write
BanyanDB provides two methods for writing files.
Append mode, which adds new data to the end of a file. This mode is typically used for WAL.

> Flush mode, which flushes all data to one or more files and can specify the size of each file to write to.

Reviewer: When in flush mode, it is important that the file is atomic. This ensures that if an error occurs during flushing, the incomplete file will be discarded.

It will return an error when writing a directory, the file does not exist or there is not enough space.

### Delete
BanyanDB provides a batch-deleting operation, which can delete several files at once. it will return an error if the directory does not exist or the file not reading or writing.

### Read
For reading operation, two read methods are provided:
Reading a specified location of data, which relies on a specified offset and a buffer.
Read the entire file, BanyanDB provides stream reading, which can use when the file is too large, the size gets each time can be set when using stream reading.
If entering incorrect parameters such as incorrect offset or non-existent file, it will return an error.

> ### rename

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Rename
```
